doc: update GSG to use sudo with systemctl command (#7782)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/getting-started/getting-started.rst

      [  0.000000] Hypervisor detected: ACRN

> #. Enable and start the ServiceVM's system daemon for managing network configurations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable and start the Service VM's system daemon for managing network configurations,
```

Author: doh.  brain fog :)

   so the Device Model can create a bridge device (acrn-br0) that provides User VMs with
   wired network access:

   .. code-block:: bash

>       sudo systemctl enable --now systemd-networkd

Reviewer 2: That was not strictly required since the suer will be prompted to enter the privileged credentials anyway if he did not use sudo... not sure exactly how they do it but it's a nice feature. That said, there is certainly no harm in adding it here and it **does** require elevated privileges.

Thanks!
